yeah check it out I learned a new trick
yeah I brought you some lunch
Oh oh yeah look bubbles on this oh yeah
Oh what what Rach what what's going on
I made a favorite tuna sandwich with
pickle pickle pickle makes her sick
giving her pickles like giving me salad
I'm sorry Rach I didn't know are you
gonna be okay yeah I'll be fine but can
someone please make sure it's dead
sandwich is gone when I get out there
I'm on it I shall be the one making her
throw up good relax Ross it could happen
to anyone
yeah not to you cuz you know this stuff
I don't know any of it I'm the father I
just I wish gonna be more involved you
know oh well if anyone is keeping score
I no longer eat tuna hey uh can I uh
talk to you guys for a second yeah
what's up well uh sit down I want to
talk about our situation
yeah are you breaking up with us the
thing is because I live with Rachel I'm
here for a lot of the stuff okay and
Ross Ross is missing everything so yeah
maybe you two should live together are
you asking me to move out you don't want
me here no no no no I love living with
you it just seems that if you're gonna
have a roommate you know might as well
be the father but Joey I don't think
Ross wants me to move into his apartment
and disrupt his life like that I'm
or he does I would love to be around for
you and the baby and you know we can
just try it like on a temporary basis
the ferocity with me so ed sure but it
won't be anything romantic and I'm
dating Mona
damn it Mona I was supposed to meet her
like an hour ago what is wrong with me
so what do you think I don't notice it
crazy no no it's not Joey this is a
smart idea well I was do look okay like
to do it I'll move in really yeah Oh
switch that's great that's great
[Music]
hey so Rachel's all moved out huh
how you taking it oh I want to have a
few beers but I got rid of those
constraint you couldn't stand the smell
of them so I have thrown back a lot of
orange juice with calcium though and
it's a couple weeks past its expiration
date so it's got a bit of a kick
are you okay kidding me
I'm great yeah I'm better than great
I am good and now that she's gone I can
uh I could do all this stuff around here
that I couldn't do before you know like
um I could walk around naked again
no I can uh I can watch porn in the
living room right this is uh this is
good for me you know I like being on my
own I'm uh I'm better off this way I'm
uh a lone wolf
Oh Lauren alone all along forever
what's the wolf got to do to get a hug
around here
you